What a smooth time!
Old Town
Extending outward to the westernmost side of the outer ring
These areas
The future is likely to become our political future
The focus of the government
bluntly
Director Xu
Mr. Tong's intuition has always been accurate.
Even so
Intuitive decision on such a large investment direction
I'm afraid it's still a bit sloppy. Dozens of seconds
Mr. Cheng not only has great insights into the stock market
He is also not as strong in financial venture capital
Someone else
He is also Director Xu's future son-in-law
Mr. Chen, since you have so much courage
i
Respect you from now on
I'll follow you, Mr. Cheng
Create the future together
Yes, yes, the real estate business
Just listen to Mr. Chen's intuition
In addition
I heard that there are two plots of land up for auction in the next few days
Why don't we take this opportunity to study
One is here on the west coast
One is here on the east coast
As far as I know
Every business boss has their eyes on this pomegranate
But
We can't maintain it if we don't rob it now.
Leave the East case to them to grab
What we're going to shoot
Is Xi'an